Think of that. In that frame, what great master, Jamgon Kongtrul said, "The renunciation is the
anchor of the practices".
Anchor. Anchor. Yeah, anchor.
"The renunciation is the anchor of the practices".
Devotion is the gateway of the practices. Devotion.
And the compassion is the passage of the practices. Compassion.
And the joyful effort is the central column. Central column of the practices.
Or center life force. Life force of the practice. Or maybe not center or not center column.
Life force. Life force of the practices.
Mindfulness, alertness, coincidentness.
"Aa". That "Aa".
"Aa" the inseparable or practice it.
So these three, this mindfulness, alertness, consciousness, will never let pull apart
your practices. Practice, you will keep practices, practices, talking about it.
And then, then, maybe I use the different terminology.
What I said, devotion is the gateway to the practices.
I said, devotion, I use PED. F-A-I-T-H. PED.
PED is the gateway to the practices.
And then, now, I put that mindfulness and all that.
And the next one is, devotion is the miracle growth of the practices.
The miracle growth of boost up. Boost up. That is.
And the trust into the Buddha, Dharma, Sangha is the removal of the obstacles of the practices.
It will remove the obstacles. Obstacles.
And, remember in the instruction, the teacher will keep the passage without dilute it or dilute it.
Or boost up below. Unmistakable.
All the instruction, it will keep the practice unmistakable.
So now, how many of you call P-A-T-H? F-A-T-H. That's the "ed".
This "ed" is the tracheous instruction that will really like to keep the practices.
Like to get progresses.
So this, I talked a little bit about this first one.
It's the anchor of the meditation practices.
It's for renour sessions. Renour session is.
Renour session monetize because all you have to renounce are your lives.
Lives know these things. This is the kind of, whatever they call it.
Dramatic. Dramatic statements.
You think of the renour session, what are the renour sessions?
When we talk about it, when I teach you talk.
These four renour sessions, you know any good of practices.
Permission to life. In parliament, cause and effort are inevitable.
Samsara has trouble. Difficult.
These are the four renour sessions.
If we ever reflect these talks, totally, that is the supreme mindfulness.
It is mindfulness.
And generally the whole good of teaching is mindfulness teaching.
Then going beyond mindfulness.
Not just hover on the surface with mindfulness going deeper.
You think it's true. I'm not just making stories.
Think. So this is so practical.
This, what do you mean by the renour session? And Samsara also teaching said,
poor point of the maintaining, training of the mind.
And we have this thought very carefully.
Think reflecting this thought, it makes our life so precious.
See the truth? So precious.
Also we become so practical.
And we have more sensibles.
We become condoned to the earth, not hovering.
And since we become practical, we won't waste our time.
Unnecessarily, everything becomes so practical.
Then calm, peace.
And when we have that, it rewards us with more joy, more appreciation to the life.
And it will remove the deep depression, anxiety and all those things.
This is mindfulness. The supreme mindfulness.
You think. So this is about it.
And then everything this. All those point of the thing.
It is such a practical summary of the entire body of the practices.
Practices. This is about it.
So now with those understanding, with those we were told and complete all of that.
And then feel the presence of the GURAPE MASANO.
Right in front of the sky, sky or right in front of us,
who is inseparable with all the lineage masters.
All your kind teachers, kind teachers came together one central state as GURAPE MASANO.
See that? Really have strong delusions.
Strong faith or whatever the name.
The other faith and the devotions are very subtle.
There is nothing big difference.
Devotions are more kind of rich, more calm, more peaceful.
And feel strongly that.
And think that I am going to behold my inner here.
Say what? I am going to behold the sub-boning awareness of the Buddha Samhita Bhatta.
I mean you look here. The face of the Buddha Samhita Bhatta.
That means absolute Buddha Samhita Bhatta.
Buddha Samhita Bhatta can be divided five or many those in the teaching.
But absolute, absolute or the awareness Samhita Bhatta.
One's own awareness is the true Samhita Bhatta.
I am going to behold that.
I am not going to let that be the real of the dualities,
real of the ignorance, real of the kind.
I am going to re-world that naturally.
To benefit all living beings.
Being such a strong companion, strong love, strong joy, and a strong trusty,
strong feeling of depression as therefore sat down on the ground.
Ground, ground.
And do something calling Rama Bhatta as we do it.
Let's practice, start calling those.
Those are the devotional practices.
To devotional, to involve, to re-world our absolute awareness of Samhita Bhatta.
Samhita Bhatta.
All have used the terminology, again not the opposite, that basic Dzogchi.
The ground Dzogchi.
That I like to re-world, already benefit for all beings.
And then that Rama, as we joined in the prayers,
our little excited joy filled and came to your Kannada chapters.
And bless you, involve you there.
Then finally that Rama, that great master of the Guru Pima Sabha,
who is the embodiment of all, then melt your token with the concept.
Melt it, melt it in the light.
And melt it in the light of the great blissfulness.
Blissfulness and enter your, then your heart center.
Melt it with your own basic Dzogchi.
Or remember with your once on awareness, Samhita Bhatta.
Then relax in that state for a few seconds or a few minutes, and we have time.
Then that is continued meditation.
That is continued meditation.
And then here's our death.
I mean, I've said it for a few seconds, but that is the meditation.
So then we move to the next prayer.
39, 9, and then he's going to do...